Add GQLstatus to `DynamicProperty` and `CodeGenerationFailed` (#149)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

m|PERFORMANCE
|===

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======

[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N40
|StatusDescription

> a|info: runtime unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|warn: runtime unsupported.
```

> The query cannot be executed `runtime=pipelined operatorEngine=compiled expressionEngine=compiled`, `runtime=pipelined operatorEngine=interpreted expressionEngine=compiled` is used. Cause: `method too big`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query cannot be executed with `preparser_input1`, `preparser_input2` is used. Cause: `$msg`.
```

This is the general status description and not an example (the reason there is no example is this warning is kind of internal and only occur for things like memory errors in runtime so it is a bit hard to make a good example)
